I thought this looked like a fun event
for those of you in the New York area or
if you're going to be visiting the New
York area world ah Megumi exhibition
reso box gallery in New York December
12th 2014 through February 28th 2015
beginning December 12th 2014 reisel box
gallery will be exhibiting 3,000
amigurumi contributed by over 130
artists from 33 different countries
reisel box gallery wants to turn the
space into an AMA groomy room filled to
the brim with cuddly and cute handmade
creatures this is a unique exhibition
and that it's not highlighting an
individual artist but a concept the
concept on Megumi is a culture that
began in Japan but is now charged by
crochets and knitters all over the world
Risa box gallery was so inspired by the
amount of all Megumi artists out there
that they decided to embark on a journey
to create an exhibition showcasing the
United global love of this cute craft
plus all these wonderful handmade our
Megumi will be for sale great for
Christmas New Year's and Valentine's Day
gifts for all ages and if you take
pictures from this event please share
them to my crochet community on Google+
and I will share them to my page so we
can all be a part of this event and even
if you don't go just share pictures of
the AMA guru you have made or that of
someone else